Changelog 141 (#108)
intellij-rust/intellij-rust.github.io: _posts/2021-02-15-changelog-141.markdown

* Add `Crate not found` inspection to check non-existent crates in `Cargo.toml`.
  Note, the corresponding feature is disabled by default for now.
  To use it, enable `org.rust.crates.local.index` experimental feature (by [@Kobzol])

## Performance Improvements

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6719 -->
* Fix performance regression in name resolution for large modules

## Fixes

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6768 -->
* Improve `File | Open` action to set up project structure of Cargo project if a project is opened via directory with `Cargo.toml`

* [New name resolution engine](https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/issues/6217) improvements:

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6731 -->
    * Enable new name resolution engine on the nightly plugin channel by default

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6733 -->
    * Support resolve multi-segment macro paths

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6692 -->
    * Fix completion of unqualified macro calls in some cases

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6723 -->

>     * Fix freeze after running test in some cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Fix freeze during the rendering of failed test backtrace
```

Author: I am not sure, is `the` necessary here?

Reviewer: No, just a typo
👍

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6782 -->
* Fix processing of `break`/`continue` inside block expressions during control-flow analysis

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6804 -->
* Fix enum rendering during debugging on Linux with GDB in CLion 2021.1

* Improvements of `Change signature` refactoring (`Refactor | Change Signature` or <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>F6</kbd>):

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6795 -->
    * Apply the refactoring to the called function when invoked on function and method calls (by [@Kobzol])

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6724 -->
    * Fix auto-import in dialog when using new resolve

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6725 -->
* Fix resolve of methods from super trait in some cases

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6688 -->

> * Fix false-positive [E0277](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0277) in some cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix some false-positive [E0277](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0277) errors
```

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6767 -->
* Fix exception during loading structure of Cargo workspace with several IDE modules

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6805 -->

> * Fix launching Cargo run configuration in some cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix launching Cargo run configurations with arguments for running binary (i.e. arguments after `--`)
```

---
layout: post
title: "IntelliJ Rust Changelog #141"
date: 2021-02-10 17:00:00 +0300
---

> ## New Features

Reviewer: Let's add additional item about debugging support in GoLand 2021.1.
There isn't teh corresponding PR since all chages were made in GoLand.
See https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/issues/5422#issuecomment-778158181 for more details.

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6622 -->

> * Add a quick fix to remove redundant function call arguments (by [@Kobzol])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a quick-fix to remove redundant function call arguments (by [@Kobzol])
```

  {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-141/6622" w="700px" %}

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6777 -->
<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6776 -->
* Detect [E0116](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0116) and [E0117](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0117) compiler errors

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6716 -->

> * Support async function by create function intention (by [@Stzx])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support async function by `Create function` intention (by [@Stzx])
```

  {% include gif-img.html path="/assets/posts/changelog-141/6716" w="700px" %}

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6591 -->

> * Add inspection that checks non-existent crates in `Cargo.toml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `Crate not found` inspection to check non-existent crates in `Cargo.toml`.
```

  Note, the corresponding feature is disabled by default for now.

>   To use it please enable `org.rust.crates.local.index` experimental feature (by [@Kobzol])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use it, enable `org.rust.crates.local.index` experimental feature (by [@Kobzol])
```

## Performance Improvements

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6719 -->
* Fix performance regression in name resolution for large modules

## Fixes

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6768 -->
* Improve `File | Open` action to set up project structure of Cargo project if a project is opened via directory with `Cargo.toml`

* [New name resolution engine](https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/issues/6217) improvements:

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6731 -->
    * Enable new name resolution engine on the nightly plugin channel by default

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6733 -->
    * Support resolve multi-segment macro paths

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6692 -->
    * Fix completion of unqualified macro calls in some cases

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6723 -->

>     * Fix freeze after running tokio test

Reviewer: I suppose freeze is not related to `tokio` crate

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6782 -->

> * Fix processing of `break`/`continue` inside block expression during control-flow analysis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix processing of `break`/`continue` inside block expressions during control-flow analysis
```

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6804 -->

> * Fix enum rendering while debugging with GDB in CLion 2021.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix enum rendering during debugging on Linux with GDB in CLion 2021.1
```

* Improvements of `Change signature` refactoring (`Refactor | Change Signature` or <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>F6</kbd>):

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6795 -->
    * Apply the refactoring to the called function when invoked on function and method calls (by [@Kobzol])

    <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6724 -->
    * Fix auto-import in dialog when using new resolve

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6725 -->

> * Fix associated type bounds with super trait

Reviewer: Incomplete sentence

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6688 -->
* Fix false-positive [E0277](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0277) in some cases

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6767 -->
* Fix exception during loading structure of Cargo workspace with several IDE modules

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6805 -->

> * Add implicit build arguments to the beginning of the command line

Reviewer: Let's rephase it to show user-visible changes instead implementation detail

Reviewer: @mchernyavsky I mentioned it in https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6805#issuecomment-775500566

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6738 -->
* Show test hierarchy tree on the client when using [Code With Me](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/14896-code-with-me) plugin

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6810 -->
* Show missing Rust block in `Preferences | Build, Execution, Deployment | Debugger` settings on Windows in IntelliJ IDEA

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/6739 -->

> * Fix false-positive "Expected trait, found trait alias" error

Reviewer: Maybe mentioned error code here? To be consistent with other items like " Fix false-positive [E0277](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0277) in some cases". Something like "Fix false-positive E%error-code% %case description%"
